#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
markupsafe==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   transformers
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   sentence-transformers
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autoflake
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.6.9
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.45.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
